docs/bsmodals.rst, before:

*************************
Django Bootstrap Modals 4
*************************

This library wraps some Bootstrap 4 Modal dialog boxes as templates and
provides some simple Javascript to help render them.

#####
Setup
#####

The library is broken into two parts, one for general dialogs and the other
for a dialog that deals with REST API calls. Both sets require you to include
the base library:

.. code-block:: html

    <script src="/static/bsmodals/bsmodals.js"></script>

If you want to use the REST API you also have to include:

.. code-block:: html

    <script src="/static/bsmodals/restapi.js"></script>

Additionally, dependingo on what dialogs you are using you will need to do a
template ``include`` of either the supplied templates or your overwrittten
version. See each dialog type below for specifics.


################
Built-in Dialogs
################

Alert Dialog
============

The alert dialog provides a simple pop-up with a button to clear it. It is
used by including the ``alert`` template:

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/alert.html" %}

You should only include this once. Use the the Javascript helper function to
show the dialog with different content.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_alert(title, msg, [style])

    :param string title: Dialog box title
    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param string style: Optional style parameter for the button, if not
        given, defaults to "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_alert('Warning!', 'Will Robinson, you are in Danger!');

The text on the button that closes the dialog is "Close" by default. This can
be changed by overridding ``close_button_text`` through the ``with`` parameter
to the ``include`` tag.


Error Dialog
============

The error dialog provides a simple pop-up with a button to clear it. It is
used by including the ``error`` template:

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/error.html" %}

You should only include this once. Use the the Javascript helper function to
show the dialog with different content.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_error(msg, [style])

    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param string style: Optional style parameter for the button, if not
        given, defaults to "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_error('The sky is falling!', "btn-warning");

The text on the button that closes the dialog and the title are "Close" and
"Error", respectively, but can be customized.  Override ``close_button_text``
or ``error_title_text`` through the ``with`` parameter in the ``include`` tag
to change these values.

Confirm Dialog
==============

The confirm dialog provides a pop-up with a "Yes" and "No" button. It should
only be included once.

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/confirm.html" %}

You can use the Javascript helper function to show the dialog, changing the
parameter on each call.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_confirm(title, msg, callback, [yes_text="Yes", yes_style="btn-primary", no_text="No", no_style="btn-secondary"])

    :param string title: Title for the dialog
    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param callback: Callback function that takes a boolean, receives
        "true" if the user pressed "Yes" and "false" if they pressed "No"
    :param string yes_text: Optional text to use instead of "Yes" on the yes button
    :param string yes_style: Optional style for the yes button, defaults to
        "btn-primary"
    :param string no_text: Optional text to use instead of "No" on the no button
    :param string no_style: Optional style for the no button, defaults to
        "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_confirm('Delete World', 
        'Are you sure you want to delete the world', function(result) {
            if(result) {
                console.debug('User is despondent');
            }
            else {
                console.debug('Thankfully they said No');
            }
        });

Note that due to the optional paramters coming `after` the callback, this
results in the unusual formatting of your code:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_confirm('Chicken Type', 
        'What kind of chicken do you want?', function(result) {
            if(result) {
                console.debug('They said Regular');
            }
            else {
                console.debug('They said Extra-Crispy');
            }
        }, yes_text='Regular', yes_style='btn-dark', no_text='Extra Crispy',
        no_style='btn-danger');

In addition to being able to specify the "Yes" and "No" button text through
the Javascript call, you can also override the template by changing 
``yes_button_text`` and ``no_button_text`` through the ``with`` parameter
in the ``include`` tag.

##############
Custom Dialogs
##############

Custom dialogs are instantiated through a class and inherit from
``FormDialog``. To use a custom dialog you will need to include a template
that extends a base template and then instantiate the class. 

The ``form`` tag within your extending template is expected to use the
``name`` attribute on your ``input``, ``select``, and ``textarea`` tags.
Methods are provided on the object for getting and setting the values of these
tags. The ``set_errors`` method will put your tags into error mode, setting
their ``class`` attribute to ``is-invalid`` and populating any nearby 
``<div class="invalid-feedback">`` tags.

Base class methods:

.. js:function:: FormDialog.set_data(data)

    Sets the contents of your your ``input``, ``select``, and ``textarea``
    tags. Your tags must have the ``name`` attribute set corresponding to the
    keys in the data. The method correctly determines the use of ``.val()`` or
    ``.text()`` based on the tag type.

    :param object data: 
        Key/value pairs specifying the ``name`` and content of your tags.


.. js:function:: FormDialog.get_data()

    Returns an object with key/value pairs corresponding to the contents of
    your form tags.


.. js:function:: FormDialog.set_errors(errors)

    Changes your ``input``, ``select``, and ``textarea`` tags to be in the
    ``is-invalid`` state. If corresponding ``<div class="invalid-feedback">``
    tags are nearby also sets their content to the error message.

    :param object errors: 
        Key/value pairs specifying the ``name`` and error message of any tags
        that are in error state.

FormModal
=========

This class is for creating a dialog with a form inside. Use it by extending
the ``generic`` template and filling the blocks with your ``form``.

Example:

.. code-block:: django

    {% extends "bsmodals/generic.html" %}

    {% block title %}
        <h5 id="mydialog-title">Dialog Title</h5>
    {% endblock title %}

    {% block body %}
        <form>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="name" class="col-form-label">Name</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" id="name">
            </div>
        </form>
    {% endblock body %}
    
    {% block footer %}
        <button id="mydialog-action" type="button" data-dismiss="modal" 
            class="btn btn-primary">Close</button>
    {% endblock footer %}

Inside of your HTML, include your newly written dialog using the ``with``
parameter of the ``include`` tag to set the dialog's id.

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "mydialog" with dialog_id="mydialog" %}

Once your template is in place, use the ``FormModal`` class to create an
object, then call the ``show`` method to display the dialog.

.. code-block:: javascript

    var my_dialog = new FormModal('mydialog');
    $('#mydialog-action').click(function() {
        console.debug('Somebody used MyDialog!');
    });

    var data = {
        'full_name':'Joe Smith'
    }

    my_dialog.show(data);

In the above example, the form element with the name attribute ``full_name``
is found and set to *Joe Smith* and the dialog is displayed. Note that
the ``generic`` template does not include buttons in the dialog, so you will
need to include these yourself and bind to them. The base template does
include a block named ``footer`` that can be extended.

Class Definition:
-----------------

.. js:function:: FormModal(dialog_id)

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog, the helper function will search
        for this id to populate items in the dialog

.. js:function:: FormModal.show(data)

    :param object data: 
        Key/value pairs in the object specify the contents of the ``form`` in
        the dialog box. ``Form`` tags such as ``input``, ``select`` and
        ``textarea`` must have a ``name`` attribute corresponding to the key
        in the object. 


AJAX Form
=========

The ``AJAXModal`` class does everything the ``FormModal`` class does as well
as submitting content values to a URL via ``$.post``. A Django utility method 
is provided for managing the submission of the form in the Django view.

Sample view:

.. code-block:: python

    from django import forms
    from django.http import JsonResponse
    from bsmodals import handle_form


    class SampleForm:
        name = forms.CharField(required=True)
        age = forms.IntegerField(required=True)


    def ajax_form_view(request):
        form = SampleForm(request.POST)
        result, data = handle_form(form)

        if not result:
            print('Form contained errors! Returning them to the dialog')
            print('  => errors were:', data['errors'])

        return JsonResponse(data)


Corresponding form:

.. code-block:: django

    {% extends 'bsmodals/form.html' %}

    {% block body %}
        <form>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="name" class="col-form-label">Name</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" name="name">
                <div class="invalid-feedback"></div>
            </div>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="age" class="col-form-label">Age</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" name="age">
                <div class="invalid-feedback"></div>
            </div>
        </form>
    {% endblock body %}


And the javascript:

.. code-block:: javascript

    var my_form = new AJAXForm('myform');
    var initial = {
        'age':42,
    }

    my_form.show('/ajax_form_view', data, function(response) {
        if( response['success'] ) {
            console.log('Post succeeded. Dialog will now close');
        }
        else {
            // Post failed. The form fields now have "is-invalid" set and any
            // "invalid-feedback" <divs> now have the Django form errors 
            // within them
            console.log('Post had errors');
        }
    });

Class Definition
----------------

.. js:function:: AJAXForm(dialog_id)

    Constructs an object corresponding to an included Django template that
    extends ``form``.

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog.
    
.. js:function:: AJAXForm.show(url, data, [callback=undefined, clear_on_success=true])

    :param string url:
        URL that the ajax POST is made to for form submission. Expects a JSON
        response, use the ``handle_form()`` helper method to generate it.
    :param object data:
        Key/value pairs to pre-populate the form with, uses the ``set_data()``
        method to populate the form.
    :param function callback:
        Optional function to be called when the server responds to the post.
        Callback takes a parameter containing the JSON response.
    :param bool clear_on_success:
        Optional value that when false stops the values in the form being
        cleared after a successful submission. Defaults to true.

Server Side Helper
------------------

The Python ``handle_form()`` helper function can be used to validate the form
and properly construct the JSON needed to be passed back to the form dialog.

.. py:function:: bsmodals.handle_form(form)

    :param form: 
        Django form to be processed. Form field names should correspond to the
        ``name`` attributes of the fields in the HTML form.

    :returns:
        Tuple containing a boolean result and a dictionary to pass back via a
        JsonResponse object

Rest Forms
==========

The ``RestModal`` class does everything the ``FormModal`` class does as well
as providing methods for creating and updating objects using REST API URLs. To
use the ``RestModal`` object you will need to include both the ``bsmodals.js``
and ``restapi.js`` Javascript files in your HTML.

.. py:function:: RestModal(dialog_id)

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog, the class will search
        for this id to populate items in the dialog


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_create(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API POST method on the given URL to create the object. 

    :param url: URL of the REST POST call used to create objects represented
                by the form
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call after the POST has succeeded


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_update(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API PUT method on the given URL to update the object in question.
    Note that this URL must be for a single specific object. 

    :param url: URL for the REST API PUT call
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call on success


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_patch(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API PATCH method on the given URL to do a partial update on the object 
    in question.  Note that this URL must be for a single specific object. 

    :param url: URL for the REST API PUT call
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call on success


.. _extra_parms:

################
Extra Parameters
################

Additional parameters can be set to change dialog behaviour. These parameters
are set using the ``with`` parameter of the ``include`` tag.

not_centered
    By default all dialogs have the ``modal-dialog-centered`` Bootstrap class 
    attribute which drops the dialog in the centre of the screen. Setting this
    value to ``False`` will remove the class attribute and the dialog will
    appear at the top.

no_click_off
    If true, turns off the closing of a dialog when clicking outside of it.
    Bootstrap calls this "static backdrop". Parameter is ignored with the 
    ``confirm`` dialog.

modal_size (``generic`` and ``form`` dialogs only)
    Alternate bootstrap dialog size specifier. Use things like ``modal-lg``
    or ``modal-xl`` to add sizing info to the dialog.

title (``generic`` and ``form`` dialogs only)
    Specify the title for the dialogs.

hide_cancel (``generic`` dialogs only)
    Setting ``hide_cancel`` to ``True`` will prevent the ``X`` appearing in
    the top corner of the dialog box that closes the dialog.


###############
Styling Dialogs
###############

To provide additionaly styling to the base dialogs, their ids are as follows:

* Alert: ``id="bsmodals-alert"``
* Error: ``id="bsmodals-error"``
* Confirm: ``id="bsmodals-confirm"``

The custom dialogs all define a body ``block`` for the contents of your form.
The title is inside an ``h5`` tag with the id ``{{dialog_id}}-title``.

The ``generic`` template defines a ``footer`` block that can be extended which
is the ideal place for your dialog buttons.

Thee ``form`` template contains two buttons: ``{{dialog_id}}-submit`` and
``{{dialog_id}}-cancel`` for form submission and cancelling, respectively. See
the section on :ref:`extra_parms` for other variables you can adjust.


############
Example Site
############

An example web-site is available with the source code:

Source: https://github.com/cltrudeau/django-bstrap-modals/tree/master/extras/sample_site

Commit message:

Add .hide() and .clear_errors() to base form class Update how the .set_data() method finds tags, now supports a '#' key

docs/bsmodals.rst, after:

*************************
Django Bootstrap Modals 4
*************************

This library wraps some Bootstrap 4 Modal dialog boxes as templates and
provides some simple Javascript to help render them.

#####
Setup
#####

The library is broken into two parts, one for general dialogs and the other
for a dialog that deals with REST API calls. Both sets require you to include
the base library:

.. code-block:: html

    <script src="/static/bsmodals/bsmodals.js"></script>

If you want to use the REST API you also have to include:

.. code-block:: html

    <script src="/static/bsmodals/restapi.js"></script>

Additionally, dependingo on what dialogs you are using you will need to do a
template ``include`` of either the supplied templates or your overwrittten
version. See each dialog type below for specifics.


################
Built-in Dialogs
################

Alert Dialog
============

The alert dialog provides a simple pop-up with a button to clear it. It is
used by including the ``alert`` template:

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/alert.html" %}

You should only include this once. Use the the Javascript helper function to
show the dialog with different content.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_alert(title, msg, [style])

    :param string title: Dialog box title
    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param string style: Optional style parameter for the button, if not
        given, defaults to "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_alert('Warning!', 'Will Robinson, you are in Danger!');

The text on the button that closes the dialog is "Close" by default. This can
be changed by overridding ``close_button_text`` through the ``with`` parameter
to the ``include`` tag.


Error Dialog
============

The error dialog provides a simple pop-up with a button to clear it. It is
used by including the ``error`` template:

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/error.html" %}

You should only include this once. Use the the Javascript helper function to
show the dialog with different content.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_error(msg, [style])

    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param string style: Optional style parameter for the button, if not
        given, defaults to "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_error('The sky is falling!', "btn-warning");

The text on the button that closes the dialog and the title are "Close" and
"Error", respectively, but can be customized.  Override ``close_button_text``
or ``error_title_text`` through the ``with`` parameter in the ``include`` tag
to change these values.

Confirm Dialog
==============

The confirm dialog provides a pop-up with a "Yes" and "No" button. It should
only be included once.

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "bsmodals/confirm.html" %}

You can use the Javascript helper function to show the dialog, changing the
parameter on each call.

.. js:function:: bsmodals_confirm(title, msg, callback, [yes_text="Yes", yes_style="btn-primary", no_text="No", no_style="btn-secondary"])

    :param string title: Title for the dialog
    :param string msg: Message contained in the dialog box
    :param callback: Callback function that takes a boolean, receives
        "true" if the user pressed "Yes" and "false" if they pressed "No"
    :param string yes_text: Optional text to use instead of "Yes" on the yes button
    :param string yes_style: Optional style for the yes button, defaults to
        "btn-primary"
    :param string no_text: Optional text to use instead of "No" on the no button
    :param string no_style: Optional style for the no button, defaults to
        "btn-primary"

Example:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_confirm('Delete World', 
        'Are you sure you want to delete the world', function(result) {
            if(result) {
                console.debug('User is despondent');
            }
            else {
                console.debug('Thankfully they said No');
            }
        });

Note that due to the optional paramters coming `after` the callback, this
results in the unusual formatting of your code:

.. code-block:: javascript

    bsmodals_confirm('Chicken Type', 
        'What kind of chicken do you want?', function(result) {
            if(result) {
                console.debug('They said Regular');
            }
            else {
                console.debug('They said Extra-Crispy');
            }
        }, yes_text='Regular', yes_style='btn-dark', no_text='Extra Crispy',
        no_style='btn-danger');

In addition to being able to specify the "Yes" and "No" button text through
the Javascript call, you can also override the template by changing 
``yes_button_text`` and ``no_button_text`` through the ``with`` parameter
in the ``include`` tag.

##############
Custom Dialogs
##############

Custom dialogs are instantiated through a class and inherit from
``FormDialog``. To use a custom dialog you will need to include a template
that extends a base template and then instantiate the class. 

The ``form`` tag within your extending template is expected to use the
``name`` attribute on your ``input``, ``select``, and ``textarea`` tags.
Methods are provided on the object for getting and setting the values of these
tags. The ``set_errors`` method will put your tags into error mode, setting
their ``class`` attribute to ``is-invalid`` and populating any nearby 
``<div class="invalid-feedback">`` tags.

Base class methods:

.. js:function:: FormDialog.set_data(data)

    Sets the contents of your tags based on key/value pairs in the data
    dictionary passed in. Keys that begin with "#" are assumed to be ids,
    if the corresponding tag is ``input``, ``select``, or ``textarea`` then
    the ``.val()`` method is called with the value in the data dict. If the
    tag is not one of those, then ``.html()`` is called with the value.

    If the key does not begin with a "#", it is assumed to be the key for a
    "name" property. The corresponding tag has ``.val()`` called on it.

    :param object data: 
        Key/value pairs specifying the ``name`` and content of your tags.


.. js:function:: FormDialog.get_data()

    Returns an object with key/value pairs corresponding to the contents of
    your form tags.


.. js:function:: FormDialog.set_errors(errors)

    Changes your ``input``, ``select``, and ``textarea`` tags to be in the
    ``is-invalid`` state. If corresponding ``<div class="invalid-feedback">``
    tags are nearby also sets their content to the error message.

    :param object errors: 
        Key/value pairs specifying the ``name`` and error message of any tags
        that are in error state.

.. js:function:: FormDialog.clear_errors()

    Removes any ``is-invalid`` states from any of the tags in the form.


.. js:function:: FormDialog.hide()

    Hides the form. Useful for when using custom callbacks on button pushes.


FormModal
=========

This class is for creating a dialog with a form inside. Use it by extending
the ``generic`` template and filling the blocks with your ``form``.

Example:

.. code-block:: django

    {% extends "bsmodals/generic.html" %}

    {% block title %}
        <h5 id="mydialog-title">Dialog Title</h5>
    {% endblock title %}

    {% block body %}
        <form>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="name" class="col-form-label">Name</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" id="name">
            </div>
        </form>
    {% endblock body %}
    
    {% block footer %}
        <button id="mydialog-action" type="button" data-dismiss="modal" 
            class="btn btn-primary">Close</button>
    {% endblock footer %}

Inside of your HTML, include your newly written dialog using the ``with``
parameter of the ``include`` tag to set the dialog's id.

.. code-block:: django

    {% include "mydialog" with dialog_id="mydialog" %}

Once your template is in place, use the ``FormModal`` class to create an
object, then call the ``show`` method to display the dialog.

.. code-block:: javascript

    var my_dialog = new FormModal('mydialog');
    $('#mydialog-action').click(function() {
        console.debug('Somebody used MyDialog!');
    });

    var data = {
        'full_name':'Joe Smith'
    }

    my_dialog.show(data);

In the above example, the form element with the name attribute ``full_name``
is found and set to *Joe Smith* and the dialog is displayed. Note that
the ``generic`` template does not include buttons in the dialog, so you will
need to include these yourself and bind to them. The base template does
include a block named ``footer`` that can be extended.

Class Definition:
-----------------

.. js:function:: FormModal(dialog_id)

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog, the helper function will search
        for this id to populate items in the dialog

.. js:function:: FormModal.show(data)

    :param object data: 
        Key/value pairs in the object specify the contents of the ``form`` in
        the dialog box. ``Form`` tags such as ``input``, ``select`` and
        ``textarea`` must have a ``name`` attribute corresponding to the key
        in the object. 


AJAX Form
=========

The ``AJAXModal`` class does everything the ``FormModal`` class does as well
as submitting content values to a URL via ``$.post``. A Django utility method 
is provided for managing the submission of the form in the Django view.

Sample view:

.. code-block:: python

    from django import forms
    from django.http import JsonResponse
    from bsmodals import handle_form


    class SampleForm:
        name = forms.CharField(required=True)
        age = forms.IntegerField(required=True)


    def ajax_form_view(request):
        form = SampleForm(request.POST)
        result, data = handle_form(form)

        if not result:
            print('Form contained errors! Returning them to the dialog')
            print('  => errors were:', data['errors'])

        return JsonResponse(data)


Corresponding form:

.. code-block:: django

    {% extends 'bsmodals/form.html' %}

    {% block body %}
        <form>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="name" class="col-form-label">Name</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" name="name">
                <div class="invalid-feedback"></div>
            </div>
            <div class="form-group">
                <label for="age" class="col-form-label">Age</label>
                <input type="text" class="form-control" name="age">
                <div class="invalid-feedback"></div>
            </div>
        </form>
    {% endblock body %}


And the javascript:

.. code-block:: javascript

    var my_form = new AJAXForm('myform');
    var initial = {
        'age':42,
    }

    my_form.show('/ajax_form_view', data, function(response) {
        if( response['success'] ) {
            console.log('Post succeeded. Dialog will now close');
        }
        else {
            // Post failed. The form fields now have "is-invalid" set and any
            // "invalid-feedback" <divs> now have the Django form errors 
            // within them
            console.log('Post had errors');
        }
    });

Class Definition
----------------

.. js:function:: AJAXForm(dialog_id)

    Constructs an object corresponding to an included Django template that
    extends ``form``.

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog.
    
.. js:function:: AJAXForm.show(url, data, [callback=undefined, clear_on_success=true])

    :param string url:
        URL that the ajax POST is made to for form submission. Expects a JSON
        response, use the ``handle_form()`` helper method to generate it.
    :param object data:
        Key/value pairs to pre-populate the form with, uses the ``set_data()``
        method to populate the form.
    :param function callback:
        Optional function to be called when the server responds to the post.
        Callback takes a parameter containing the JSON response.
    :param bool clear_on_success:
        Optional value that when false stops the values in the form being
        cleared after a successful submission. Defaults to true.

Server Side Helper
------------------

The Python ``handle_form()`` helper function can be used to validate the form
and properly construct the JSON needed to be passed back to the form dialog.

.. py:function:: bsmodals.handle_form(form)

    :param form: 
        Django form to be processed. Form field names should correspond to the
        ``name`` attributes of the fields in the HTML form.

    :returns:
        Tuple containing a boolean result and a dictionary to pass back via a
        JsonResponse object

Rest Forms
==========

The ``RestModal`` class does everything the ``FormModal`` class does as well
as providing methods for creating and updating objects using REST API URLs. To
use the ``RestModal`` object you will need to include both the ``bsmodals.js``
and ``restapi.js`` Javascript files in your HTML.

.. py:function:: RestModal(dialog_id)

    :param string dialog_id: 
        The id to use for your custom dialog, the class will search
        for this id to populate items in the dialog


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_create(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API POST method on the given URL to create the object. 

    :param url: URL of the REST POST call used to create objects represented
                by the form
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call after the POST has succeeded


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_update(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API PUT method on the given URL to update the object in question.
    Note that this URL must be for a single specific object. 

    :param url: URL for the REST API PUT call
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call on success


.. py:function:: RestModal.show_patch(url, data, callback)

    Displays the dialog corresponding to the class and on submission calls the
    REST API PATCH method on the given URL to do a partial update on the object 
    in question.  Note that this URL must be for a single specific object. 

    :param url: URL for the REST API PUT call
    :param data: object whose key/value pairs are used to populate the form.
                 Uses the inherited ``set_data()`` method.
    :param callback: optional method to call on success


.. _extra_parms:

################
Extra Parameters
################

Additional parameters can be set to change dialog behaviour. These parameters
are set using the ``with`` parameter of the ``include`` tag.

not_centered
    By default all dialogs have the ``modal-dialog-centered`` Bootstrap class 
    attribute which drops the dialog in the centre of the screen. Setting this
    value to ``False`` will remove the class attribute and the dialog will
    appear at the top.

no_click_off
    If true, turns off the closing of a dialog when clicking outside of it.
    Bootstrap calls this "static backdrop". Parameter is ignored with the 
    ``confirm`` dialog.

modal_size (``generic`` and ``form`` dialogs only)
    Alternate bootstrap dialog size specifier. Use things like ``modal-lg``
    or ``modal-xl`` to add sizing info to the dialog.

title (``generic`` and ``form`` dialogs only)
    Specify the title for the dialogs.

hide_cancel (``generic`` dialogs only)
    Setting ``hide_cancel`` to ``True`` will prevent the ``X`` appearing in
    the top corner of the dialog box that closes the dialog.


###############
Styling Dialogs
###############

To provide additionaly styling to the base dialogs, their ids are as follows:

* Alert: ``id="bsmodals-alert"``
* Error: ``id="bsmodals-error"``
* Confirm: ``id="bsmodals-confirm"``

The custom dialogs all define a body ``block`` for the contents of your form.
The title is inside an ``h5`` tag with the id ``{{dialog_id}}-title``.

The ``generic`` template defines a ``footer`` block that can be extended which
is the ideal place for your dialog buttons.

Thee ``form`` template contains two buttons: ``{{dialog_id}}-submit`` and
``{{dialog_id}}-cancel`` for form submission and cancelling, respectively. See
the section on :ref:`extra_parms` for other variables you can adjust.


############
Example Site
############

An example web-site is available with the source code:

Source: https://github.com/cltrudeau/django-bstrap-modals/tree/master/extras/sample_site
